What are you doing?
Ye Luoyuan
You got out of jail
My Chen family and Lin family are now in a cooperative relationship.
Why can't I be here?
Mom, what's going on?
What's going on?
You squatted for 3 years
What has Dalang done for our neighbor?
If it weren't for the less robbery support these years
How can we parasitize the rich and powerful?
So you are grateful to him
How he suppressed our Lin family 3 years ago
Have you forgotten how I ended up in prison?
Long Yuan, that's all in the past
I will make up for your suffering.
Now don't make a fuss
This time
Shaojie brought us 100 billion projects
You're an old convict
What right do you have to point fingers here?
Just because of him if it weren't for me
Can your Lin family have today?
What the hell?
What are you?
He also said that he would burden our Lin family
Now my Lin family is not what it used to be
You are no longer worthy of my daughter
Quickly divorce him
Bermshino
He had served three years, after all.
Come out now and see you guys make it big
This is not normal.
It's okay if he doesn't understand me
I don't care.
For the relocation project that was brought in
I volunteered.
Do you see it or our Shaojie is understanding?
You learn it, trash
Now we are in the Lin family
Not only to cooperate with the Tang family
The Dragon Gate Banquet tonight
Our thousand families will be divided into the history of the growth of female Marquis
All this is the help of Shaojie
Look at yourself again
Thrown into the face of our Lin family
That's a big breath.
He also asked the Tang family to send money to the Lin family
He is the favorite of Tianmen God
Or the owner of a store
Tell you it's not because of me
All your glory wants to come to nothing
Ha ha.
Just rely on Shaojie's Chen family and Galaxy Group's Tang family
World partners
Can you compare?
You are enough
This is obviously done by Shaojie
Why are you talking nonsense?
What do you call him Shaojie
How did he suppress the Lin family three years ago?
Even stop me from sending the frontier
Who are you now?
You have to understand Qianjiao
For so many years, he has supported the entire Lin family by himself
Not easy.
Are you angry? Just be angry
I didn't just send you to prison myself
Now I even fuck your wife and I'll marry you
How are you, Miss?
It doesn't hurt anymore
And you feel so relaxed!
This medicine is so amazing
I just didn't feel well before
I didn't expect this attack to be so severe
If it weren't for his medicine
I feel like I'm going to die this time
Miss, who the hell is he?
Did you find it?
Miss found it
Ye Longyuan became the most prosperous Lin family three years ago
Lin Family
It is also one of the partners of our Galaxy Group.
At first, the Lin family offended the Chen family and Chen Shaojie
Ye Longyuan would go to prison for the Lin family
However, his wife
It seems to have got together with Chen Shaojie
Ah!
Hahahaha
Let's go to the neighbor's house to grab the husband